Fallback to pep517 if setup.py is present and setuptools cannot be imported (#10717)
pypa/pip: news/10717.bugfix.rst

> Fallback to pep517 if setup.py is present and setuptools cannot be imported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fallback to PEP 517 if ``setup.py`` is present in a project, but ``setuptools`` cannot be imported
```

> Fallback to PEP 517 if ``setup.py`` is present in a project, but ``setuptools`` cannot be imported

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fallback to pyproject.toml-based builds, if ``setup.py`` is present in a project, but ``setuptools`` cannot be imported.
```
